tab_pastevents.md, before:

---
title: PastEvents
displaytext: Past Events
layout:  null
tab: true
order: 1
tags: pastevents-tag
---

## Past Events

You can find the full list of our past events [here](http://owaspvancouver.eventbrite.com/)
and [here](https://www.meetup.com/OWASP-Vancouver-Chapter/).

<div class="talks">
    <br>
    <table>
        <tr>
            <th>Date</th>
            <th>Title</th>
            <th>Materials</th>
        </tr>
<!--    new past event template, add newer rows at the top!
        <tr>
            <td>2020/MM/DD</td>
            <td><i>TALK_TITLE</i> by <a href="SOME_LINK">SPEAKER_NAME</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/FILE_NAME">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
-->
        <tr>
            <td>2020/08/20</td>
            <td><i>XXEs in Golang are Surprisingly Hard</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericmpayne/">Eric Payne</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-08_Golang_XXE.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/08/20</td>
            <td><i>Have you heard of Samy Kamkar?</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/mrigakshi-goel-19b6051a/">Mrigakshi Goel</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-08_XSS_Mrigakshi.pdf">Slides</a><br/>
                <a href="https://youtu.be/Y0eEel-ppYs">Demo</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/08/20</td>
            <td><i>Getting your career started in web app testing</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/lalithyamalyala">Lalithya Malyala</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-08_careers_in_web_app_testing.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/08/20</td>
            <td><i>The Evolution of Authentication</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/li-andy/">Andy Li</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-08_The_Evolution_of_Authentication.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/08/20</td>
            <td><i>Insufficient Logging & Monitoring</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sofia-chang/">Sofia Chang</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-08_Insufficient_Logging_and_Monitoring.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/07/16</td>
            <td><i>Detect Complex Code Patterns Using Semantic Grep</i> by <a href="https://twitter.com/drewdennison">Drew Dennison</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-07_r2c-semgrep-OWASP-Vancouver.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/07/16</td>
            <td><i>Open API Economy - Managing Security and Compliance Risks</i> by <a href="https://twitter.com/teejlab">Baljeet Malhotra</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-07_Open_API_Economy.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/06/18</td>
            <td><i>CloudSec Fundamentals for AppSec Professionals</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/pablo-vidal-bouza-60064528/">Pablo Vidal</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-06_CloudSec_Fundamentals.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/06/18</td>
            <td><i>GraphQL Security</i> by <a href="https://twitter.com/don_burks">Don Burks</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-06_GraphQL_Security.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/05/22</td>
            <td><i>Exploiting and Preventing Deserialization Vulnerabilities</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/wineberg/">Wesley Wineberg</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-05_Exploiting_and_Preventing_Deserialization_Vulnerabilities.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/05/22</td>
            <td><i>Cryptography 101</i> by <a href="https://twitter.com/brodieve">Brodie McRae</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-05_Cryptography_101.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/04/23</td>
            <td><i>Design Patterns for Protecting Sensitive Data in Event-Driven Apps</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sasadjolic/">Sasha Jolich</a></td>
           <td><a href="https://www.slideshare.net/sasadjolic/protecting-sensitive-data-in-eventdriven-design-edd-applications-232582037">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/03/05</td>
            <td><i>Open Sesame: Hacking like a boss using broken authentication</i> by Thomas Hughes</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/03/05</td>
            <td><i>Building a Validator For SaaS Provider's Reason for Accessing Customer Data</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/jack-cha/">Jack Cha</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-03_Jack_Cha.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
            <tr>
            <td>2020/02/20</td>
            <td><i>Exploit your way through vulnerabilities, and learn application security concepts (hands on workshop)</i> by <a href="https://www.securityinnovation.com/">Security Innovation</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-02_OWASP_Vancouver_Small.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/01/23</td>
            <td><i>How to leverage static code analysis in your CICD pipelines for continuous code quality</i> by <a href="https://danaepp.com">Dana Epp</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-01_SCA_in_Azure_DevOps.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/01/23</td>
            <td><i>Attacking and Securing JWT</i> by <a href="https://twitter.com/airman604">Amiran Alavidze</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-01_Attacking_and_Securing_JWT.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
    </table>
</div>

<style>
.talks table th:first-of-type {
    width: 15%;
}
.talks table th:nth-of-type(3) {
    width: 15%;
}
.talks table td:nth-of-type(3) {
    text-align: center;
}
</style>

Commit message:

split upcoming events into a new tab

tab_pastevents.md, after:

---
title: PastEvents
displaytext: Past Events
layout:  null
tab: true
order: 2
tags: pastevents-tag
---

## Watch Online

**Subscribe** to the [OWASP Vancouver YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeZ_fej13-AJwBIv_CZB_jw)
where you can check out live streams of upcoming sessions as well as
archives of previous sessions.

## Past Events

You can find the full list of our past events [here](http://owaspvancouver.eventbrite.com/)
and [here](https://www.meetup.com/OWASP-Vancouver-Chapter/).

<div class="talks">
    <br>
    <table>
        <tr>
            <th>Date</th>
            <th>Title</th>
            <th>Materials</th>
        </tr>
<!--    new past event template, add newer rows at the top!
        <tr>
            <td>2020/MM/DD</td>
            <td><i>TALK_TITLE</i> by <a href="SOME_LINK">SPEAKER_NAME</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/FILE_NAME">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
-->
        <tr>
            <td>2020/08/20</td>
            <td><i>XXEs in Golang are Surprisingly Hard</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericmpayne/">Eric Payne</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-08_Golang_XXE.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/08/20</td>
            <td><i>Have you heard of Samy Kamkar?</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/mrigakshi-goel-19b6051a/">Mrigakshi Goel</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-08_XSS_Mrigakshi.pdf">Slides</a><br/>
                <a href="https://youtu.be/Y0eEel-ppYs">Demo</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/08/20</td>
            <td><i>Getting your career started in web app testing</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/lalithyamalyala">Lalithya Malyala</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-08_careers_in_web_app_testing.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/08/20</td>
            <td><i>The Evolution of Authentication</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/li-andy/">Andy Li</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-08_The_Evolution_of_Authentication.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/08/20</td>
            <td><i>Insufficient Logging & Monitoring</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sofia-chang/">Sofia Chang</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-08_Insufficient_Logging_and_Monitoring.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/07/16</td>
            <td><i>Detect Complex Code Patterns Using Semantic Grep</i> by <a href="https://twitter.com/drewdennison">Drew Dennison</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-07_r2c-semgrep-OWASP-Vancouver.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/07/16</td>
            <td><i>Open API Economy - Managing Security and Compliance Risks</i> by <a href="https://twitter.com/teejlab">Baljeet Malhotra</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-07_Open_API_Economy.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/06/18</td>
            <td><i>CloudSec Fundamentals for AppSec Professionals</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/pablo-vidal-bouza-60064528/">Pablo Vidal</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-06_CloudSec_Fundamentals.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/06/18</td>
            <td><i>GraphQL Security</i> by <a href="https://twitter.com/don_burks">Don Burks</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-06_GraphQL_Security.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/05/22</td>
            <td><i>Exploiting and Preventing Deserialization Vulnerabilities</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/wineberg/">Wesley Wineberg</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-05_Exploiting_and_Preventing_Deserialization_Vulnerabilities.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/05/22</td>
            <td><i>Cryptography 101</i> by <a href="https://twitter.com/brodieve">Brodie McRae</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-05_Cryptography_101.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/04/23</td>
            <td><i>Design Patterns for Protecting Sensitive Data in Event-Driven Apps</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sasadjolic/">Sasha Jolich</a></td>
           <td><a href="https://www.slideshare.net/sasadjolic/protecting-sensitive-data-in-eventdriven-design-edd-applications-232582037">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/03/05</td>
            <td><i>Open Sesame: Hacking like a boss using broken authentication</i> by Thomas Hughes</td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/03/05</td>
            <td><i>Building a Validator For SaaS Provider's Reason for Accessing Customer Data</i> by <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/jack-cha/">Jack Cha</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-03_Jack_Cha.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
            <tr>
            <td>2020/02/20</td>
            <td><i>Exploit your way through vulnerabilities, and learn application security concepts (hands on workshop)</i> by <a href="https://www.securityinnovation.com/">Security Innovation</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-02_OWASP_Vancouver_Small.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/01/23</td>
            <td><i>How to leverage static code analysis in your CICD pipelines for continuous code quality</i> by <a href="https://danaepp.com">Dana Epp</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-01_SCA_in_Azure_DevOps.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>2020/01/23</td>
            <td><i>Attacking and Securing JWT</i> by <a href="https://twitter.com/airman604">Amiran Alavidze</a></td>
            <td><a href="assets/presentations/2020-01_Attacking_and_Securing_JWT.pdf">Slides</a></td>
        </tr>
    </table>
</div>

<style>
.talks table th:first-of-type {
    width: 15%;
}
.talks table th:nth-of-type(3) {
    width: 15%;
}
.talks table td:nth-of-type(3) {
    text-align: center;
}
</style>
